# IGN_Application

# Question 1
My name is Elvis Lin and I'm a third-year Software Engineering student at UC Irvine. I currently work part-time as a web developer at the UCI Stem Cell Research Center, where I manage and update three websites using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. I love participating in hackathons and working on personal projects, which has helped me learn ReactJS, Firebase, Git, Figma, npm, and resposnive design principles. 

I believe I'm a great candidate for this internship because I've loved video games since I first picked up a GameBoy Advanced as a kid. I frequently enjoy IGN as a hub to read about all things video games and entertainment. If I were able to fuse my passion for video games and programming, that would be my dream internship come true. 

# Question 2
According to Bulbagarden, Jubilife City is the most modernized city in the regiona nd the largest city in Sinnoh with tv stations, schools, trade stations, and skyscrapers. It has a population of 124. This would require a great deal of energy. I'm not very knowledgeable about equations for electricity and power, so I'll just solve this using logic. Assuming 1 voltorb can satisfy the electricity generated by 2 people, we would need 62 voltorbs for the population alone. We would also need voltorbs to power the city and its various buildings. I can estimate that each building will require five times the amount of electricity needed per person. Thus, we'll need an extra 310 voltorbs. In total, we'll need 372 voltorbs.

# Question 3 
I chose the Front End option. 
